DOCS-10463 1.82 (Jun 1) (#209)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/acm-lightning-components.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Please reaffirm that all of the capitalization here is necessary: proper nouns or UI labels.

UI labels should be presented in boldface and verbatim of the UI in other presentation values, such as caps, spelling, punctuation, and so on.

Author: These are UI labels and follow the capitalization in the UI, and because they are the items in a definition list, they are already bold on the page: https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-community-manager/acm-lightning-components . However, I have created a Jira story to update this file with asterisks, to prevent ambiguity during reviews of the source file. https://www.mulesoft.org/jira/browse/DOCS-11178

You can specify values for the following parameters of the API Community Manager Search Box:

Result Page URL:: Specifies the URL of the search results page shown after the user enters a search.
Search Areas:: Selects which types of content to search: *APIs*, *API Groups*, *Applications*, *Knowledge Articles*, *Cases*, *Discussions*, *Topics*, *Managed Content (CMS)*, *API Specifications*, *Documentation Pages*, and *Custom Fields*.

> Number of results to show:: Specifies the number of results shown as the user types a query.

Reviewer: This one does not use title-style caps but its peers do?

Author: Correct, the UI is inconsistent here.

> The *Result Page URL* parameter specifies the URL of a search results page, and the search results page must include an *ACM Search Results* component to display the search results. If the page does not include an *ACM Search Results* component, members and guest users who enter a search will go to the page and see no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Result Page URL* parameter specifies the URL of a search results page, and the search results page must include an *ACM Search Results* component to display the search results. If the page does not include an *ACM Search Results* component, members and guest users who enter a search and go to the page see no results.
```

Author: Thank you! Fixed.

> If a content type is not selected in the *Search Areas* parameter, then the linked *ACM Search Results* component omits results of that content type. MuleSoft Government Cloud does not support searching in API specifications or documentation pages, so if you are using MuleSoft Government Cloud, enabling those search areas has no effect.

Reviewer: Do we really need the second half of the second sentence?

Author: I think it's good without it. Removed.

The component shows the API instances and documentation from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

> When users need a client ID and client secret to access an API, they either select a client application in the *Credential source* list to populate the client ID and client secret from that client application automatically, or select *Custom credentials* in the list to enter the client ID and client secret manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users need a client ID and client secret to access an API, they either select a client application in the *Credential source* list to populate the client ID and client secret automatically, or they select *Custom credentials* in the list to enter the client ID and client secret manually.
```

Author: Fixed.

> By default the API console sends requests from the browser through Salesforce Experience Cloud to an API, and request size is limited to 2 megabytes or less. To send requests directly from the browser to an API instance, which allows requests with no size limit, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *Manage ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *ACM API Console Configuration* > *Edit* and select *Browser Requests Enabled*. This setting applies to all API instances in the community and does not affect the mocking service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the API console sends requests of 2 megabytes or less from the browser through Salesforce Experience Cloud to an API. To send requests directly from the browser to an API instance, with no size limit, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *Manage ACM API Console Configuration Metadata* > *ACM API Console Configuration* > *Edit* and select *Browser Requests Enabled*. This setting applies to all API instances in the community and does not affect the mocking service.
```

Reviewer: ...but this is a hidden task, which could easily be overlooked.
I wonder if we want to say instead "To send larger requests, send requests directly from the browser to the API" and leave it at that.

Author: Updated.

> You can specify values for the following parameters of the API Console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify values for the following parameters of API Console:
```

Reviewer: ditto comments about mixed capitalization styles: verbatim of UI?

Author: Good point. In this case we're using it as a common noun and not a UI label so I updated it to "the API console".

The component shows the API instances and documentation from xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange].

> When users need a client ID and client secret to access an API, they can select an API instance in the *Credential source* list to populate the client ID and client secret from that instance automatically, or select *Custom credentials* in the list to enter the client ID and client secret manually.

Reviewer 2: Instead of 'API Instance' we should use `client application`

Author: Thank you! Fixed.

Headline Font Family (Optional):: Specifies the headline font family.
Error Color (Optional):: Specifies the color of error messages.

== API Custom Field Table

The *API Custom Field Table* component shows all of an API's custom fields and their values.

You can specify values for the following parameters of the *API Custom Field Table*:

Record Id:: Specifies the API. Default is `{!recordId}`, which shows the instances of the API selected on the current page.
Show Table Header:: Shows the table header.

> By default, the table shows all custom fields listed in the Anypoint organization. To show only some fields, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM General Configuration Metadata* > *Manage Records*, next to *ACM Configuration* click *Edit*, and in the *CustomFieldsFilter* box enter a custom fields key such as `email,rating,case`.

Reviewer 2: you can get all the custom fields key from your org using this query in the develop console. 
SELECT acm_pkg__TagKey__c FROM acm_pkg__AnypointCustomFields__x

Reviewer 2: @wwarner-salesforce

Author: Thank you very much! I added this info.

> By default, the table shows all custom fields listed in the Anypoint organization. To show only some fields, open *Setup* > *Custom Metadata Type* > *ACM General Configuration Metadata* > *Manage Records*, next to *ACM Configuration* click *Edit*, and in the *CustomFieldsFilter* box, enter a series of custom field keys as a comma-separated list, such as `email,rating,case`. To list all the custom field keys, open the developer console and run the query `SELECT acm_pkg\__TagKey__c FROM acm_pkg\__AnypointCustomFields__x`.

Reviewer: More hidden tasks.
These are very hard to read in horizontal presentation; I suggest at least using a step list for these.
Best of all would be to separate your conceptual, reference, and task information.

Author: True- perhaps this page should be reorganized as all task info, with configuring each component as the main tasks, and items such as this as optional sub-tasks. I will discuss further with you. For now, I have rewritten these steps as a list.

== API Custom Field Pills

> The *API Custom Field Pills* component shows up to 5 of an API's custom fields and their values, displayed as a sequence of field-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *API Custom Field Pills* component shows up to five of an API's custom fields and their values, displayed as a sequence of field-value pairs.
```

Author: Fixed.

You can specify values for the following parameters of the *API Custom Field Pills*:

Record Id:: Specifies the API. Default is `{!recordId}`, which shows the instances of the API selected on the current page.

> Custom Fields:: Specifies the 5 custom fields to show.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom Fields:: Specifies the five custom fields to show.
```
See style guide.

Author: Fixed.

Layout:: Specifies the layout of the buttons, *Horizontal* (default) or *Vertical*.
Buttons Color Picker:: Specifies the color of the buttons.
Download Spec Options:: Specifies the download buttons to show: *Original Format*, *All* (default), *OAS3*, or *RAML*.

> Show Export Message:: Shows an icon next to the export button that displays a warning about possible inconsistencies when exporting an API specification to a different version.

Reviewer: The icon displays a warning? Icons typically comprise one word or symbol....

Author: Updated to clarify. The icon has a tooltip.
